update software requirements (#1293)
kestra-io/docs: content/docs/09.administrator-guide/00.requirements.md

The table below lists the software requirements for Kestra.

### Java

| Kestra Edition    | Required version          | Note                             |
|-------------------|---------------------------|----------------------------------|
| OSS/Enterprise    | >= 17 && < 18             | Default 17 using Eclipse Temurin |

### Queue and Repository

> Kestra OSS supports either Postgres or MySQL for use with the queue and repository components. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Kestra Open Source supports either Postgres or MySQL for use with the queue and repository components. 
```

With Kestra Enterprise Edition (EE) you have the choice:

> - The same JDBC configuration as OSS for smaller scale deployments

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- The same JDBC configuration as Open Source for smaller scale deployments
```
